FAQ for LFN Services for Windows NT 4.0

Q1 What is this stuff for ?
A  This 'stuff' was developed to provide long file name API calls support
   for Windows NT 4.0. This API has been originally introduced by Microsoft 
   in Windows 95 but is not present in Windows NT

Q2 Will this work under Windows 95 ?
A  No, you don't need this on Windows 95

Q3 Will this work under plain DOS ?
A  No, you need something called LFNDOS.EXE that is available on the net.

Q4 Will this work under Windows 3.1 ?
A  This package works only under Window NT 4.0 be it Workstation or Server

Q5 Will this work under any previous version Windows NT than 4.0 ?
A  Try it out and tell me the results :)

Q6 Will this work under Windows 2000 ?
A  This package works only under Window NT 4.0 be it Workstation or Server

Q7 What if I don't enable NTCMDPROMT in config.nt
A  DOSKEY will not work and you will not be able to use that coomand history 
   buffer available with cursor keys. LFN API will be available regardless 
   you enable NTCMDPROMT or not	

Q8 How to make lfnload run autoamtically on DOS box startup
A  Copy lfnsrc.dll and lfnload.com to %SystemRoot%\system32 directory 
   (usually c:\winnt\system32). Add a call to lfnload.com to 
   %SystemRoot%\system32\autoexec.nt (usually c:\winnt\system32\autoexec.nt) 
   so it gets invoked on DOS bos startup and will load the lfn services.
 
Q9 I have no privileges to change %SystemRoot%\system32\*.nt files. what to do?	
A  You can create a shortcut to %SystemRoot%\System32\cmd.exe on the desktop,
   you do not need to modify the originalconfig.nt file in that case.

Q10 When installing the package, does it write or modify anything to registry?
A  No, it doesn't. The "registered" message that was appearing when installing 
   previous versions of lfn services had nothing to do with Windows registry
   and was removed in the new version to avoid possible confusion. 

Q11 I installed the whole stuff but still can't make long filenames working	
A  Make sure you enabled LFN support for DJGPP programs in djgpp.env file
   There should be something like '+LFN=y' in that file.

Q12 Will this package work with programs other than those compiled by DJGPP?
A  Programs that don't make use of DOS extenders should work. Those ones that
   depend on DOS4GW or other extenders may or may work. Be advised that the
   primary goal when developing the LFN services was to provide LFN support
   for DJFPP programs. Ask the vendor of your tools to upgrade ;) 16 bit
   DPMI clients like those produced by Borland Pascal are not supported.

Q13 But I use some other extender and it doesn't work
A  Please send the smallest program that is supposed to work, both source and
   binary code (with debug code stripped down to make it as small as possible)
   so that I could figure out why it doesn't work. I may or may not help 
   depending on what compiler and extender you use. I have access only to
   Microsoft, Borland anf gcc based compilers. Perhaps Watcom stuff too, once 
   it gets released by Sybase.

Q14 How could I help improve the package?
A  Please read the README file supplied with the package.

Q15 How reliable are the LFN services?
A  They have been tested against a number of packages DJGPP environment is
   based on. Tests included configuration, build and check phases. Please
   see docs/results.txt file for details.

